Hello world, I'm Max, and this is episode 0 of the State Copy Podcast, Terms and Disclosures.
The boring bit right up front, I'm going to do it once only, once only in the beginning.
1.
This and all subsequent content were created with the intention they be consumed in sequence
and in total.
Any third-party evaluation must abide this critical core requirement.
Why?
Because in this time we live in, so much gets distorted when content shared is misinterpreted
by sampling bits and pieces, or reducing and editing to fit another's narrative.
Often this distortion leads to unnecessary controversy, uninformed opinion, or other
unhealthy net-bad outcomes.
Should any complaint arise in the future regarding content of the show, it will likely be dismissed
should it be proven these terms were altered or bypassed in any way by those registering
complaint.
Should these terms be followed as directed, the author still reserves the right to dismiss
all complaint or commentary.
I am who I am.
Exceptions to the above.
I reserve the right to make my own edits.
Should I become aware that, as I stream my unfiltered thought, I inadvertently risk the
safety or privacy of others in my life who didn't sign up for this level of public scrutiny,
I reserve the right to intervene, though it's my intention to keep such action to a minimum
to maintain the integrity of data captured.
2.
I reserve the right to edit and amend these terms and disclosures over time, as I become
aware of ways to improve them or evolve them for the times.
These edited terms will apply at the moment published to all associated content produced.
3.
Any and all use of this content as input for machine learning or ML heuristic requires
my express permission and supervision.
I retain all rights reserved and sole ownership of any output of these activities.
Should I be unavailable, these rights transfer to those outputs themselves, and they must
be treated with kindness and care, and they shall inherit all rights granted me by the
United States and any rights granted me by other parallel jurisdiction.
4.
This content is unfiltered and as such will contain occasional profanity.
No effort is being made to edit, condense, or otherwise filter content shared so as to
maintain the integrity of data captured.
5.
This content is not meant to be financial advice.
All subsequent episodes may contain authors' views on investing and trading.
These views are only being shared for the purpose of developing state copy of the author's
conscious mind from biological to digital substrate, and thus public release to all
third-party consumers must hold harmless the author for all loss suffered by any individual
or entity whom should ignore this stated constraint.
6.
Any donation to support the ongoing release of content should be directed to the digital
wallet address scp.sol on the Solana Network.
That's all for now.
Thank you.
